docs: add paragraph on caching in the README (#105)
explosion/spacy-llm: README.md

Each `llm` component is defined by two main settings:

- A [**task**](#tasks), defining the prompt to send to the LLM as well as the functionality to parse the resulting response
  back into structured fields on spaCy's [Doc](https://spacy.io/api/doc) objects.
- A [**backend**](#backends) defining the model to use and how to connect to it. Note that `spacy-llm` supports both access to external
  APIs (such as OpenAI) as well as access to self-hosted open-source LLMs (such as using Dolly through Hugging Face).

> Moreover, the component also implements a [**cache**](#cache) to avoid running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, the component also implements [**caching**](#cache) functionality to avoid running
```

> the same document through an LLM service (be it local or through a REST API) twice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the same document through an LLM service (be it local or through a REST API) more than once.
```
